Release base pack v1.33.46 (#33690)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_33_46.md

#### Scripts

##### SanePdfReports

- Updated the Docker image to: *demisto/sane-pdf-reports:1.0.0.91719*.

> - Fixed an issue where table section didn't display the whole data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where a table section wouldn't display the complete data.
```

Author: updated 👍
